# 自我介绍-专业

Hello   interviewer, I am  Kuang Zhengrui ， from Rizhao, Shandong Province. I am a master's student in electrical engineering at Shanghai Jiaotong University. and I will graduate in March next year

My research direction is embedded software development. During my studies at  university, I  undertook  two projects， combining the develpoment of software and hardware 

In order to become an embedded software engineer, I have studied the development of C and C++ languages,  data structures, operating systems and some embedded basic knowledge.

In my daily life, I can arrange my work and life. usually go swimming and play basketball.

I am arreciated that I can come to the famous company , and also hope I can pass  today's test.Thank you.



CAUC Civil Aviation University of China

# 介绍家乡

 Located on the coast of the Yellow Sea, my hometown, Rizhao, is a new rising port city，which is the first to get the sunshine, as its name means. Rizhao covers an area of 5310 square kilometers with the total population of 29 million. And it boasts time-honored history and culture, beautiful natural sceneries, unique customs and excellent ecological environment.

# 介绍自己-生活

I am Kuang Zhengrui, from Rizhao, Shandong. I am a graduate student about to graduate from Shanghai Jiaotong University. I like swimming and playing basketball every day. I have an optimistic personality and like my research direction.

# 对X86有了解吗

Intel x86 is a 16 bit microprocessor introduced by Intel.